Let's go ahead and create a lambda expression equivalent to this calculator at age.
I'm very sure you were able to do it, but let's go ahead and see how we can do it together.
So it's say foul.
I'm going to follow the same thing we have here, so I'm going to add the lambda name.
So Val, this is, say, tat age for now and then we need to pass the types.
So in this case, I'm just going to have to pass age.
It's going to be ain't like that.
And then the return type is going to be an integer, right?
Remember, we don't do like that.
We actually put an arrow like this.
And then we say, and then we say equal, and then we open our lambda expression.
This is our lambda.
So inside here, we're going to pass.
Of course, our parameter, which is age, and then we go to body such and the body was just going to
say age times.
Seven.
And there you have it.
So now if you call Kat age somewhere here, let's get rid of this.
It's a print Kat age and pass in this case.
Three.
Go Run should get 21.
There we go three times.
Seven is 21.
All right.
There you have it.